add signature reqs (#38)
ietf-rats/draft-birkholz-rats-epoch-marker: draft-ietf-rats-epoch-markers.md

A maximum nonce size of 512 bits is set to limit the memory requirements.
All receivers MUST be able to accommodate the maximum size.

# Signature Requirements {#sec-signature-reqs}

> The signature over a epoch marker MUST come from the Epoch Bell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The signature over an epoch marker MUST be generated by the Epoch Bell. Conversely, the first signature applied to an epoch marker always renders the issuer of a signed messages containing a epoch marker an Epoch Bell.
```
